Issue/12 UI part to report (#13)
teamulster2/report: report/04_implementation/00_implementation.md

# Implementation

> The implementation took place on the client side in Dart and Flutter and on the server side with golang. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both, server and client, were implemented using relatively new programming languages. On the client side Dart / Flutter came in handy and on the server side Gelang was a very good fit. 
```

> Both, server and client, were implemented using relatively new programming languages. On the client side Dart / Flutter came in handy and on the server side Golang was a very good fit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both, server and client, were implemented using relatively new programming languages. On the client side *dart* / *Flutter* came in handy and on the server side *Golang* was a very good fit. 
```
